[ADD] inventory: cluster picking (#5732)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/misc/cluster_picking.rst

the next available `PACK` number in the system. :guilabel:`Pack Date` is automatically set to the
creation date of the form.

For the :guilabel:`Package Use` field, the :guilabel:`Disposable Box` radio option should be
selected if the package is a shipping container. On the contrary, the :guilabel:`Reusable Box`
option should be selected if the package is simply used as a method of grouping products from the
same |SO| together and the products are intended to be moved to the intended shipping container at
the output location.

.. seealso::
   :ref:`Packages <inventory/management/packages>`

.. example::
   A package intended for cluster picking is named `CLUSTER-PACK-3` for easy identification. For
   this workflow, the products are directly packed using their intended shipping containers, so
   :guilabel:`Package Use` is set to :guilabel:`Disposable Box`.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-package.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create new package form.

Create cluster batch
====================

To see how cluster picking works in Odoo, navigate to the *Sales* app and create |SOS| that will be

> fulfilled together in the same batch. After confirming the |SO|, the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fulfilled together in the same batch. After confirming an |SO|, the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart
```

button becomes visible. Displayed inside the icon is a number representing the amount of steps in
the outgoing shipment process.

.. example::
   Begin by creating three |SOS| for the apples, oranges, and bananas as shown in the :ref:`example
   above <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`.

>    After confirming the |SO|, the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button will be shown with the number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After confirming an |SO|, the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button will display the number
```

   `2`, indicating that there are two operations to complete: `Pick` and `Delivery`.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/create-sales-order.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Example sales order for an apple, orange, and banana.

With the |SOS| created, orders now must be grouped into batches. To do so, navigate to the

> *Inventory* dashboard and select the operation type card, `Delivery Orders` or `Pick`. Doing so

Reviewer: Wouldn't you always select the Pick card, since that operation needs to be completed before processing the delivery order?

Author: Thanks for bringing this up because I was thinking about this too.

It's complicated because it's not necessary to have 2-step delivery to use a picking method. (The Pick operation type is enabled when we select 2-step)

Does this line not make sense when I write it this way? Do let me know, and I'll think about how to rewrite it!

displays a filtered list of outgoing operations with the :guilabel:`Ready` status, indicating that
all the products in the |SO| are in stock.

> .. note::

Author: I asked Sho if it was possible to create a batch during a 1-step delivery and this is his answer:

> This one is a bit complicated, but yeah that should be possible to have any picking type on one move. The reason we separate the picking from the delivery, is mostly for organization purposes. Functionally/physically (and depending on the WH setup and stuff), the picker might also deliver the good. Maybe its a small place and you only have 1 person who does it all. 

> Separating it (multi step) is more for someone who is bigger or has more staff. They have dedicated pickers and packers/delivererers and want to organize what they pick. If you are picking, you may want to group some picks together based on your layout or the workflow you want your operators to follow. You might just have the one delivery order to go out, but still want the organization so when the operator goes and grabs the stuff, its organized for them. Once they grab it and deliver it, they mark it as done (but it all one one step).

> its more common with 1 step (because you have dedicated pickers who bring the stuff to the delivery area, but its not crazy uncommon to want to have specific batch pickings for only a delivery

   - :ref:`Delivery in three steps <inventory/delivery_three_steps>`

Click the checkbox to the left of the corresponding outgoing operation to begin adding them to the
batch. With the desired pickings selected, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` button and select
the :guilabel:`Add to batch` option from the resulting drop-down menu.

.. example::
   To create a cluster batch as shown in the :ref:`example above
   <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`, in a warehouse configured with two-step outgoing
   shipments, the following pick operations are selected:

   - `WH/PICK/00007`: linked to |SO| 88 for one apple and orange.
   - `WH/PICK/00008`: linked to |SO| 89 for one apple and banana.
   - `WH/PICK/00009`: linked to |SO| 90 for one apple, orange, and banana.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/select-picks.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Use *Add to batch* button, from the *Action* button's list.

Doing so opens an :guilabel:`Add to batch` pop-up window, wherein the employee
:guilabel:`Responsible` for the picking can be assigned.

Choose from the two radio options to add to :guilabel:`an existing batch transfer` or create
:guilabel:`a new batch transfer`.

> To begin with a draft, select the :guilabel:`Draft` checkbox.

Reviewer: I would explain what it means to begin with a draft.

> To begin with a draft, select the :guilabel:`Draft` checkbox.

Author: ```suggestion
To create draft batches pickings to be confirmed at a later date, select the :guilabel:`Draft` checkbox.
```

   temporarily placed in a container during picking before getting transferred to their final
   shipping container.

   Alternatively, use the :guilabel:`Destination Package` field when the product is directly placed
   in its *disposable* shipping container during picking.

.. example::
   Process the cluster batch for the three orders of apples, oranges, and bananas :ref:`example
   <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>` by assigning each picking to a dedicated package.

   At the storage location for apples, `WH/Stock/Shelf A`, assign the apples in all three pickings
   to one of the three disposable packages, `CLUSTER-PACK-1`, `CLUSTER-PACK-2`, and
   `CLUSTER-PACK-3`.

   Record this in Odoo using the :guilabel:`Destination Package` field in the
   :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` tab.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-batch-example.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Example of processing cluster pickings in *Inventory*

In Barcode
----------

To process cluster pickings directly from *Barcode*, select the :guilabel:`Batch Transfers` button
from the *Barcode* dashboard. Then, select the desired card for the batch.

> In the batch transfer screen, the products in the picking are grouped by location, and each line is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the batch transfer screen, the products in the picking are grouped by location, and each line is
```

color-coded to associate products in the same picking together.

Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location the
first product is located at. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process the
transfer. Repeat this for all products and click the :guilabel:`Validate` button.

.. example::
   Begin processing the cluster picking by going to the first storage location, `Shelf A` and scan
   the :ref:`location barcode <barcode/setup/location>`. Doing so highlights all the pickings that
   need products from this particular location.

   Scan the barcode for the apple, which highlights the picking labeled in red for the product

>    `Apple` at for the picking, `WH/PICK/00007`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `Apple`, for the picking, `WH/PICK/00007`.
```

from the *Barcode* dashboard. Then, select the desired card for the batch.

In the batch transfer screen, the products in the picking are grouped by location, and each line is
color-coded to associate products in the same picking together.

Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location the
first product is located at. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process the
transfer. Repeat this for all products and click the :guilabel:`Validate` button.

.. example::

   .. list-table::
      :header-rows: 1
      :stub-columns: 1

      * -
        -
      * - Begin processing the cluster picking by going to the first storage location, `Shelf A` and
          scan the :ref:`location barcode <barcode/setup/location>`. Doing so highlights all the
          pickings that need products from this particular location.

          Scan the barcode for the apple, which highlights the picking labeled in red for the product
          `Apple` at for the picking, `WH/PICK/00007`.

          Then, scan the `CLUSTER-PACK-1` package barcode, and place the product in the designated

>           package.

Author: Hello @samueljlieber! Do you have suggestions on how to [display text next to an image](https://runbot176.odoo.com/runbot/static/build/50449452-16-0/logs/build/html/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/misc/cluster_picking.html#process-batches) (just to conserve space because i thought the block was a little long)? I put the text in a table, but the text is currently bolded.

From a technical standpoint, I wanted to ask if displaying the text next to the image is even a good idea, because maybe it would render wonky on a smaller screen?

Reviewer 2: Hi @Felicious I'd avoid putting an image aside text because it will not wrap below the text on smaller screens, making both the text and image difficult to read. 

I suggest keeping the format of your other example blocks where the text comes first and the image is below. I also suggest reducing the width of the image to 388px, this will help keep it from appearing so large on desktop. 🙂

===============
Cluster picking
===============

.. _inventory/misc/cluster_picking:

.. |SO| replace:: :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`
.. |SOS| replace:: :abbr:`SOs (Sales Orders)`

Cluster picking is an advanced order fulfillment approached derived from :ref:`batch picking
<inventory/misc/batch_picking>`. In this strategy, pickers load a cart with multiple packages, each

> designated for specific a *sales order* (SO). Then, the picker travels to each storage location and
> places the products directly in the package related to the customer order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
designated for a specific *sales order* (SO). Then, the picker travels to each storage location and
places the products directly in the package of the associated order.
```

> This method is most efficient for medium-sized companies with high order volumes relatively few

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is most efficient for medium-sized companies with high order volumes and relatively few
```

unique products, since the method eliminates the need for sorting products into packages for
customers after picking. Disadvantages of cluster picking are that urgent orders cannot be
prioritized and optimized batches must be manually created beforehand, so the picking process can
lead to bottlenecks.

.. _inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example:

.. example::
   #. |SO| 1 calls for one apple and orange
   #. |SO| 2 requires one apple and banana
   #. |SO| 3 needs one apple, orange, and banana

   Apples are stored in Shelf A, oranges in Shelf B, and bananas in Shelf C.

   To pick products for three orders at once, the cart is loaded with three empty packages.

   Starting at Shelf A, the the picker places apples into each package. Next, the picker navigates
   to Shelf B and places oranges in the packages designated for |SO| 1 and |SO| 3. Finally, the
   picker pushes the cart to Shelf C and loads packages for |SO| 2 and |SO| 3 with a banana, each.

>    With all three |SOS| fulfilled, the picker pushes the cart to the output location, where

Reviewer: This is a bit of a nitpick, but I would say that sales orders are considered "fulfilled" when they're shipped to the customer.
```suggestion
   With the packages for all three |SOS| packed, the picker pushes the cart to the output location, where
```

   the packages are sealed and prepared for shipment.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-example.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show example of fulfilling sales orders 2 and 3 at once.

Configuration
=============

To enable cluster picking, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
--> Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`Operations` heading, activate the :guilabel:`Packages` and
:guilabel:`Batch Transfers` options.

.. image:: cluster_picking/configs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activate *Packages* and *Batch Transfers* features in the settings.

Since batch picking is used to optimize the *pick* operation in Odoo, the :guilabel:`Storage
Locations` and :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` options under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` heading must

> also be checked on this settings page. When finished, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: It might be good to explain why this is the case. For example, "Storage locations allow products to be stored in specific locations that they can be picked from, while multi-step routes enables the picking operation itself."

Feel free to rephrase that as you see fit.

.. image:: cluster_picking/locations-routes-checkbox.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable *Storage Locations* and *Multi-Step Routes* Inventory > Configuration > Settings.

.. _inventory/misc/create-package:

Packages setup
--------------

After the :guilabel:`Packages` feature is enabled, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Packages`, and click the :guilabel:`New` button to create a new package.

On the new package form, the :guilabel:`Package Reference` is pre-filled with the next available
`PACK` number in the system. :guilabel:`Pack Date` is automatically set to the creation date of the
form.

For the :guilabel:`Package Use` field, the :guilabel:`Disposable Box` radio option should be

> selected if the package is a shipping container. Alternatively, the :guilabel:`Reusable Box` option

Reviewer: "Shipping container" makes me think of a big metal container like you'd see on a cargo ship. Again, a nitpick, but it might be worth addressing. There are multiple instances of this phrase throughout the doc.

should be selected if the package is simply used as a method of grouping products from the same |SO|
together before they are moved to the intended shipping container at the output location.

.. seealso::
   :ref:`Packages <inventory/management/packages>`

.. example::
   A package intended for cluster picking is named `CLUSTER-PACK-3` for easy identification. For
   this workflow, the products are directly packed using their intended shipping containers, so
   :guilabel:`Package Use` is set to :guilabel:`Disposable Box`.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-package.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create new package form.

Create cluster batch
====================

> To see how cluster picking works in Odoo, navigate to the *Sales* app and create |SOS| that will be

Reviewer: This should have a gui label since we're telling the reader to click on it.
```suggestion
To see how cluster picking works in Odoo, navigate to the :guilabel:`Sales` app and create |SOS| that will be
```

Author: ```suggestion
To see how cluster picking works in Odoo, navigate to the :menuselection:`Sales` app and create |SOS| that will be
```

   - :ref:`Delivery in three steps <inventory/delivery_three_steps>`

Click the checkbox to the left of the corresponding outgoing operation to begin adding them to the
batch. With the desired pickings selected, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` button and select
the :guilabel:`Add to batch` option from the resulting drop-down menu.

.. example::
   To create a cluster batch as shown in the :ref:`example above
   <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`, in a warehouse configured with two-step outgoing
   shipments, the following pick operations are selected:

   - `WH/PICK/00007`: linked to |SO| 88 for one apple and orange.
   - `WH/PICK/00008`: linked to |SO| 89 for one apple and banana.
   - `WH/PICK/00009`: linked to |SO| 90 for one apple, orange, and banana.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/select-picks.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Use *Add to batch* button, from the *Action* button's list.

Doing so opens an :guilabel:`Add to batch` pop-up window, wherein the employee
:guilabel:`Responsible` for the picking can be assigned.

Choose from the two radio options to add to :guilabel:`an existing batch transfer` or create
:guilabel:`a new batch transfer`.

> To create draft batches pickings to be confirmed at a later date, select the :guilabel:`Draft`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create draft batch pickings to be confirmed at a later date, select the :guilabel:`Draft`
```

In Barcode
----------

To process cluster pickings directly from *Barcode*, select the :guilabel:`Batch Transfers` button
from the *Barcode* dashboard. Then, select the desired card for the batch.

On the batch transfer screen, the products in the picking are grouped by location, and each line is
color-coded to associate products in the same picking together.

Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location the
first product is located at. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process the
transfer. Repeat this for all products and click the :guilabel:`Validate` button.

.. note::
   To find the package barcode, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
   Packages`, select the desired package, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon at the top of the
   package form, and select the :guilabel:`Print` option. Next, select one of the three print
   options to generate the package barcode from the :guilabel:`Package Reference` field.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/find-package-barcode.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Display where the package barcode can be generated.

.. example::

>    Begin processing the cluster picking by going to the first storage location, `Shelf A` and scan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Begin processing the cluster picking by going to the first storage location, `Shelf A`, and scanning
```

.. |SOS| replace:: :abbr:`SOs (Sales Orders)`

Cluster picking is an advanced order fulfillment approached derived from :ref:`batch picking
<inventory/misc/batch_picking>`. In this strategy, pickers load a cart with multiple packages, each
designated for a specific *sales order* (SO). Then, the picker travels to each storage location and
places the products directly in the package of the associated order.

This method is most efficient for medium-sized companies with high order volumes and relatively few
unique products, since the method eliminates the need for sorting products into packages for
customers after picking. Disadvantages of cluster picking are that urgent orders cannot be
prioritized and optimized batches must be manually created beforehand, so the picking process can
lead to bottlenecks.

.. _inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example:

.. example::
   #. |SO| 1 calls for one apple and orange
   #. |SO| 2 requires one apple and banana
   #. |SO| 3 needs one apple, orange, and banana

   Apples are stored in Shelf A, oranges in Shelf B, and bananas in Shelf C.

   To pick products for three orders at once, the cart is loaded with three empty packages.

>    Starting at Shelf A, the the picker places apples into each package. Next, the picker navigates
>    to Shelf B and places oranges in the packages designated for |SO| 1 and |SO| 3. Finally, the
>    picker pushes the cart to Shelf C and loads packages for |SO| 2 and |SO| 3 with a banana, each.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Starting at Shelf A, the picker places apples into each package. Next, the picker navigates to
   Shelf B, and places oranges in the packages designated for |SO| 1 and |SO| 3. Finally, the picker
   pushes the cart to Shelf C, and loads packages for |SO| 2 and |SO| 3 with a banana, each.
```

   With the packages for all three |SOS| packed, the picker pushes the cart to the output location,
   where the packages are sealed and prepared for shipment.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-example.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show example of fulfilling sales orders 2 and 3 at once.

Configuration
=============

To enable cluster picking, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
--> Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`Operations` heading, activate the :guilabel:`Packages` and
:guilabel:`Batch Transfers` options.

.. image:: cluster_picking/configs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activate *Packages* and *Batch Transfers* features in the settings.

Since batch picking is used to optimize the *pick* operation in Odoo, the :guilabel:`Storage

> Locations` and :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` options under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` heading must
> also be checked on this settings page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Locations` and :guilabel:`Multi-Step Routes` options, under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` heading, must
also be checked on this settings page.
```

> Storage locations allow products to be stored in specific locations that they can be picked from,
> while multi-step routes enables the picking operation itself. When finished, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Storage locations allow products to be stored in specific locations they can be picked from, while
multi-step routes enable the picking operation itself.

When finished, click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

Products --> Packages`, and click the :guilabel:`New` button to create a new package.

On the new package form, the :guilabel:`Package Reference` is pre-filled with the next available
`PACK` number in the system. :guilabel:`Pack Date` is automatically set to the creation date of the
form.

For the :guilabel:`Package Use` field, the :guilabel:`Disposable Box` radio option should be
selected if the package is used for a shipping. Alternatively, the :guilabel:`Reusable Box` option
should be selected if the package is simply used as a method of grouping products from the same |SO|
together before they are moved to the intended shipping box at the output location.

.. seealso::
   :ref:`Packages <inventory/management/packages>`

.. example::
   A package intended for cluster picking is named `CLUSTER-PACK-3` for easy identification. For
   this workflow, the products are directly packed using their intended shipping boxes, so
   :guilabel:`Package Use` is set to :guilabel:`Disposable Box`.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-package.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create new package form.

Create cluster batch
====================

> To see how cluster picking works in Odoo, navigate to the :menuselection:`Sales` app and create
> |SOS| that will be fulfilled together in the same batch. After confirming an |SO|, the
> :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button becomes visible. Displayed inside the icon is a number
> representing the amount of steps in the outgoing shipment process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see how cluster picking works in Odoo, navigate to the :menuselection:`Sales` app, and create
|SOS| that will be fulfilled together in the same batch. After confirming an |SO|, the
:guilabel:`Delivery` smart button becomes visible. Displayed inside the icon is a number
representing the amount of steps in the outgoing shipment process.
```

.. example::

>    Begin by creating three |SOS| for the apples, oranges, and bananas as shown in the :ref:`example
>    above <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Begin by creating three |SOS| for the apples, oranges, and bananas, as shown in the :ref:`example
   above <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`.
```

>    After confirming an |SO|, the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button will display the number `2`,
>    indicating that there are two operations to complete: `Pick` and `Delivery`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   After confirming the |SO|, the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button displays the number `2`,
   indicating there are two operations to complete: `Pick` and `Delivery`.
```

   .. image:: cluster_picking/create-sales-order.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Example sales order for an apple, orange, and banana.

With the |SOS| created, orders now must be grouped into batches. To do so, navigate to the

> *Inventory* dashboard and select the operation type card, `Delivery Orders` or `Pick`. Doing so
> displays a filtered list of outgoing operations with the :guilabel:`Ready` status, indicating that
> all the products in the |SO| are in stock.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Inventory* dashboard, and select the operation type card, `Delivery Orders` or `Pick`. Doing so
displays a filtered list of outgoing operations with the :guilabel:`Ready` status, indicating all
the products in the |SO| are in stock.
```

.. note::
   Cluster pick batches can be created for outgoing shipments in one, two, or three steps.

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Delivery in one step <inventory/receipts_delivery_one_step>`
   - :ref:`Delivery in two steps <inventory/receipts_delivery_two_steps>`
   - :ref:`Delivery in three steps <inventory/delivery_three_steps>`

> Click the checkbox to the left of the corresponding outgoing operation to begin adding them to the
> batch. With the desired pickings selected, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` button and select
> the :guilabel:`Add to batch` option from the resulting drop-down menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click the checkbox to the left of the corresponding outgoing operation to add them to the batch.
With the desired pickings selected, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions (gear)` button, and select the
:guilabel:`Add to batch` option from the resulting drop-down menu.
```

.. example::

>    To create a cluster batch as shown in the :ref:`example above
>    <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`, in a warehouse configured with two-step outgoing
>    shipments, the following pick operations are selected:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To create a cluster batch, as shown in the :ref:`example above
   <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>`, in a warehouse configured with two-step outgoing
   shipments, the following pick operations are selected:
```

   - `WH/PICK/00007`: linked to |SO| 88 for one apple and orange.
   - `WH/PICK/00008`: linked to |SO| 89 for one apple and banana.
   - `WH/PICK/00009`: linked to |SO| 90 for one apple, orange, and banana.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/select-picks.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Use *Add to batch* button, from the *Action* button's list.

Doing so opens an :guilabel:`Add to batch` pop-up window, wherein the employee
:guilabel:`Responsible` for the picking can be assigned.

> Choose from the two radio options to add to :guilabel:`an existing batch transfer` or create
> :guilabel:`a new batch transfer`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Choose from the two radio options to either: add to :guilabel:`an existing batch transfer` or create
:guilabel:`a new batch transfer`.
```

To create draft batch pickings to be confirmed at a later date, select the :guilabel:`Draft`
checkbox.

Conclude the process by clicking :guilabel:`Confirm`.

.. image:: cluster_picking/add-to-batch-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show *Add to batch* window to create a batch transfer.

Process batches
===============

To process batches, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Batch Transfers`.
Click on a batch to select it.

In the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` tab, products that are to be picked are grouped by location.

Under the :guilabel:`Source Package` or :guilabel:`Destination Package` field, enter the package
used for the picking.

.. note::
   Use the :guilabel:`Source Package` field when the picking package is configured as *reusable* on

>    the :ref:`package form <inventory/misc/create-package>`. This means that the products are
>    temporarily placed in a container during picking before getting transferred to their final
>    shipping box.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   the :ref:`package form <inventory/misc/create-package>`. This means the products are temporarily
   placed in a container during picking, before getting transferred to their final shipping box.
```

   Alternatively, use the :guilabel:`Destination Package` field when the product is directly placed
   in its *disposable* shipping box during picking.

.. example::
   Process the cluster batch for the three orders of apples, oranges, and bananas :ref:`example
   <inventory/misc/cluster_picking/example>` by assigning each picking to a dedicated package.

   At the storage location for apples, `WH/Stock/Shelf A`, assign the apples in all three pickings

>    to one of the three disposable packages, `CLUSTER-PACK-1`, `CLUSTER-PACK-2`, and
>    `CLUSTER-PACK-3`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   to one of the three disposable packages, `CLUSTER-PACK-1`, `CLUSTER-PACK-2`, or `CLUSTER-PACK-3`.
```

   Record this in Odoo using the :guilabel:`Destination Package` field in the
   :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` tab.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/cluster-batch-example.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Example of processing cluster pickings in *Inventory*.

In Barcode
----------

> To process cluster pickings directly from *Barcode*, select the :guilabel:`Batch Transfers` button

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To process cluster pickings directly from the *Barcode* app, select the :guilabel:`Batch Transfers` button
```

> from the *Barcode* dashboard. Then, select the desired card for the batch.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
from the *Barcode* dashboard. Then, select the desired batch.
```

On the batch transfer screen, the products in the picking are grouped by location, and each line is
color-coded to associate products in the same picking together.

> Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location the
> first product is located at. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process the

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location of the
first product. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process the
```

> Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location the
> first product is located at. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process the
> transfer. Repeat this for all products and click the :guilabel:`Validate` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, follow the prompt to :guilabel:`Scan the source location` barcode for the storage location at
which the first product is located. Then, scan the barcode for the product and package to process
the transfer.

Repeat this for all products, and click the :guilabel:`Validate` button.
```

.. note::

>    To find the package barcode, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
>    Packages`, select the desired package, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon at the top of the
>    package form, and select the :guilabel:`Print` option. Next, select one of the three print
>    options to generate the package barcode from the :guilabel:`Package Reference` field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To find the package barcode, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
   Packages`, select the desired package, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon at the top of the
   package form, and select the :guilabel:`Print` option.
   
   Next, select one of the three print options to generate the package barcode from the
   :guilabel:`Package Reference` field.
```

   .. image:: cluster_picking/find-package-barcode.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Display where the package barcode can be generated.

.. example::
   Begin processing the cluster picking by going to the first storage location, `Shelf A`, and
   scanning the :ref:`location barcode <barcode/setup/location>`. Doing so highlights all the
   pickings that need products from this particular location.

>    Scan the barcode for the apple, which highlights the picking labeled in red for the product
>    `Apple`, for the picking, `WH/PICK/00007`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Scan the barcode for the apple, which highlights the picking (labeled in red) for the product
   `Apple`, for the picking, `WH/PICK/00007`.
```

   Then, scan the `CLUSTER-PACK-1` package barcode, and place the product in the designated package.

   .. image:: cluster_picking/batch-barcode.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Example of cluster batch from the *Barcode* app.

.. tip::

>    After assigning a package to a picking, Odoo suggests scanning the same package by displaying the
>    package name under another product related to the picking.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   After assigning a package to a picking, Odoo suggests scanning the same package, by displaying
   the package name under another product related to the picking.
```

>    package name under another product related to the picking.

Reviewer 4: Sorry, I don't fully understand this. What does this do / why does Odoo suggest it?

Author: Added a bit more context:
> After creating a batch transfer and assigning a package to a picking, Odoo suggests the specified
   package by displaying the name *in italics* under the product name, ensuring pickers place
   products into the correct boxes.
